📝 Add development workflow commands to copilot instructions (#6376)
dubzzz/fast-check: .github/copilot-instructions.md

- 📦 Add or update compiled files or packages

For a complete list of gitmoji codes, see https://gitmoji.dev/

## Development Workflow

When making code changes to this repository, ensure you run the following commands as appropriate:

### Format

- **Check formatting**: `pnpm format:check`
- **Apply formatting**: `pnpm format`

> Always run format checks before committing to ensure code follows the project's style guidelines enforced by Prettier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Always run format checks before committing to ensure code follows the project's style guidelines enforced by our code formatter.
```
